1. I should not have to login all the time
2. Notification page cards ui can be improved.
3. Nav bar have huge white space make the oblong and the buttons float. 
4. Need to review the process from creation of group, recording of group, how expnses is being recorded. inviting members, recording of who paid for the expense the split, and the settlement. We need to make sure that every step of the process and data is conncted to one another to make sure that the data reflecting is correct. 
5 .The group details doesnt update the latest expense list after saving the add expense. 
6. remove member in the group settings doesnt work. 
7. Edit group doesnt work either.
9. UI ux Transition from one page to another for more smoother experienc (later)
10. Feature Completeness review. 
11. Keyboard should collapse, be hidden when calcultor is clicked or outside the textbox. 
12. Remove member should ask the user if the user is sure. Also notify the removed user. 
13. Remove the settins button on the main page. Replace with something else 
14. Add emoji in the groups and also create group page. 
15. sign out should clear the app and prompt the user to select account next time. 
16. issue with manual email entry. malformed? 
17. There are some pages that are still using USD as default. Please change that to PHP + Currency selected should be saved as profile settings in the firebase user record 
18. Track logs, who logged in and actions 
19. Ask the user to update their name and details in the settings. 




1. Instead using PHP pesos sign
2. Group member error when saving expenses. Permission error , but record is being saved. seems like false alamrm or fase negative? 
3. expenses must be deleted, or modified.
4. Onboarding get started button crashes the app. 
5. after sign out, on welcome screen where I select wether to sign in or create account. the app skips it and automatically log me back in.  I would like to give the users option to select wether they want to create new account or log in using a different account
6. Onboarding page carousel is swiping automatically and getting stuck asymetrically.
7. Fairr splashscreen text and logo is too big. reduce it by 50% 
8. Sticky create group button on the bottom of the screen
9. android nav button is white on white. need to update to black on white.
