Update logo, create my own logo through figma. 



After the onboarding page, please 

Nav bar design
Fab in between nav bar
Analytics and profile nav bar missing
Double setting button
Currency should be inside settings only
Update profile button crash
Budget management page align heading
Help and support crash
Up name rename to Fairr
Welcome back "username"
Join a group options: qr, link or invite code
Add expense, calculator
More split method
Add expense button bug

Parked tasks.
Continue with google is not working.  - needs to be handled on firebase console.
Dark mode. - lots of error, will park for now
Upload group image / maybe just select emoji instead of image?

Main page / group list
The loading circleshape just appears and disappears, can you animate it a bit?

Group page
members to be hidden inside the group settings
On the dashboard I want to see a small section for the balances of who owes who

Creategroup
The currency cannot be edited.
the group is not being saved and not showing up on the group list.

upload image for group.

group list
refresh/reload still appears and disapears. need to have a pull down animation/transition.

Settings
Logout is missing.
default currency should be php.
Profile settings is not opening new page.
disable email notif for now

Settings button for the group list suddenly appeared on the bottom nav bar.
Can you return it to the upper right side of the screen where it was supposed to be in?

Icon

Double splash screen

Create group. Smaller emoji and more list of emoji to use

Remove the currency on create group. Including the toggle. Keep the currency on general settings.

Group details.

Add expense

The calculator says invalid input if there is only one num.

Center the numbers a bit

Currency can be removed

Category is optional

Payer

Who owes who on the group details

Uniform color
Notification card feels awkward
Add emoji on create group
Delete two factor authentication
Improve dark mode
Enable android notification
Add easter egg 
Add more svg