1. Groups items on the grouplist doesnt reflect the selected emoji on the logo/avatar. It is only showing the first letter of the title on the main page dashboard and group icon on the group list page
Let's fix it to reflect the emoji instead of the letter. I will then run the app on android studio to check if there is error. 
2. Get the app to load the necessary data first. to prevent the app to show no data where there is actual data. 
5. Friend request should show up on notification page.
12. darkmode on some pages doesnt seem right, icons are still black and not changing to white. Notification and settings are not changing to darkmode.
13. Notifications are not appearing on the notification page. Friend request must show up on notificat

Create group layout should be improved. 

lots of bugs on new install. to sign in. 
sign out stuck on 



Group
group invitation notification accept and deccline is not working . 
invalid or expired invite code  

The friends profile page should be the layout for the personal profile. Same layout. 
Balance summary will show how much the total of other people owe the user and how much they owe other user.
Payment details should be editable for the user profile .
And section for friends you owe something.  






When opening a new screen and going back. it rediirects the app to the main page instead of hththe original screen it came from. 
Example but not limited to: 
 Groups list> group deatails > back button > mainpage 
Instead of 
 Group list > group deatails > back button > group list 



Split by options needs to be updated and make it work . 
Continue with card update on other pages 

themes to select color scheme they wnant to use.
new groups are not updating on the list.
Uniform loading screen follow the one on settle up button from the main page.
unable to accept group invite. 
friend profile uses hard coded $

invalid or expired invite code when joining using invite code
group settings invite through email doesnt work
Unale to accept group invite on the notification page.
Slide to delete actioned Notifications on notification page.


add an offline member. those members that doesnt have account. Which can later on invited. once they have an account, they can replace the offlin member we have saved. 
Offline first. online second for syncing data.


most emoji is not working for group emoji. 

Please restructure the 